Hello be careful
Why haven't you come back yet?
It's not a deal.
Are you going to accompany me to buy baby clothes today?
I had a problem with Wenyan in the hospital
I'm afraid I can't accompany you today
What happened to the blindfold?
Is he ok?
Timely medical treatment
No answer for now
That would be fine.
After all, he is also pregnant with the Lu family's child
You don't care about him
You have to care about the baby in your belly
He's waking up
That's it. Hang up.
What color is available?
Miss, what do you want me to do?
Wang Ma
I heard you have a son with polio
Summarize the cost of treatment
Will it cost you a lot of money?
Miss 3, what are you doing?
Mom Wang, don't be nervous.
I just want to help you.
But
I have one condition.
No need, I'll go first and wait.
Wang Man
If you say
If you do me this favor
I will help you pay for your son's treatment.
If you don't help me
Then your disabled son
Probably dead
What are you doing when you go down?
Wait for Wen Yan to come back
You put this package in his soup
What is this?
It's useless what I should ask
Just do it.
I I dare not
He said he would punish me severely
Useless old woman
Just to give you the next peptide drug
I'm not asking you to kill
Just do it.
I'll help you. It's alright.